# Meeting Summary

## Key Decisions and Action Items

- **Logo Contest**: Reminder to complete the logo contest.
- **Base Paper Revision**: Aaron has finished the revision and is awaiting feedback from Maximilian and Helium to resubmit.
- **Project Meeting**: The project meeting is still on; Markus is to write an email to remind relevant parties.
- **Microphone Issues**: Purchase of additional microphones for better sound quality in future meetings was agreed upon.
- **Research Colloquium**: Scheduled for November, from 10 to 11. Students are encouraged to attend, and those willing to participate remotely should email for provisions.
- **High-Performance Compute Access**: Nicholas needs to apply for high-performance compute access.
- **PhD Navigator**: Discussion on automated checklists and reminders for navigating PhD requirements, with a meeting set to discuss improvements.
- **Workshop on Reproducible Research**: A workshop is considered to be very beneficial and will be discussed further for planning.

## Meeting Highlights

- Aaron Peikert has rejoined Mix Blankets as an employee but with revoked rights, making transcription unavailable.
- The necessity to bring feedback/documentation forward to November 11, as opposed to the 9th, has been mentioned for better preparation.
- The team decided to invest in improving audio quality in meetings by placing microphones strategically in the room.
- The importance of the upcoming research colloquium was emphasized as it provides insight into various departmental research activities.
- Maximilian highlighted the usefulness of open review in machine learning conferences and suggested it could be an improvement to psychology conference practices.
- There was a collective interest in conducting a workshop on collaborative research tools, such as Git and GitHub, to improve research workflow.

## Other Notes

- There was a brief discussion about the format and timing of future workshops or sessions aimed at improving research processes.
- Aaron mentioned the importance of discussing collaboration tools and the workshop on automating research products to help in paper writing.
- The meeting concluded with acknowledgment of the need to possibly reschedule a separate meeting between Nicholas and Aaron.

---

*Please note that due to transcription errors, some interpretations were made to best match the context of the discussions.*