# Summary

The meeting started with Aaron Peikert expressing his gratitude to everyone for attending the conference call. He mentioned that they needed to discuss upcoming conferences for the next year and update the repository with the conferences they were interested in. This needed to be done before December so that they could make a budget. Aaron also mentioned that he had a meeting with Anna Lumen next Monday to discuss the progress on taxonomy and invited others to join. Valentin Kriegmair confirmed his availability for the meeting. Maximilian Ernst confirmed that his poster was officially approved. Aaron mentioned that he had invited Maria, the equity representative, to present on equity but she hadn't responded yet. He also discussed organizing a Julia workshop at the Institute and suggested two possible dates. Hannes provided the dates for the workshop. Aaron also mentioned the possibility of inviting an external speaker to talk about implementing the "Getting Things Done" methodology as a team. Maximilian suggested that it would be better to have fewer presentations in a month. The meeting ended with a discussion about Maximilian's presentation in the colloquium, and Aaron suggested that he could present his long-term vision instead. Andreas agreed with Aaron's suggestion.